Comienzo

Comienzo is intended to be a blank starting theme that follows WordPress best practices. There are few/no styles and lots of empty classes that you should fill in. There are a few helper functions that I use regularly but by and large it's simply a clean starting place for building solid WordPress themes.

I'm happy to take suggestions via tickets submitted to Github. I won't be responding to any emails or comments on blog posts regarding this theme. Just keeps things centralized and tracked for me.

Thanks for checking this out and good luck.

----------
THANKS

Many thanks to @iKitty for help with the name (I don't speak Spanish).
Thanks to Elliot Jay Stocks who built Starkers which I used for a long time and was the base for this theme many moons ago.

----------
INSTALLATION

To install upload Comienzo to your /wp-content/themes directory. Change theme folder name as appropriate as well as theme attribution and title in the CSS file.

----------
License

Comienzo is a GPL theme which means you can use it as you wish without restriction. Enjoy.

Of course a link to my site is always appreciated.

--Curtis McHale

----------
Revision Hx

Version 2.2.1

  Added missing alginments for images with and without captions

Version 2.2

  Enqueue JS the right way including comment JS
  Refactor the JS in scripts so it's done the right way instead of just leaving it for so long
  Changed sandboxing prefix to match theme instead of company name

Version 2.1

  Cleaned up indentation and whitespace
  added new function that adds page slug to body_class
  improved function documentation
  add better error message to 404 page including link to site admin email
  using locate_template instead of get_template_part
  fixed pages so they don't have date and author information
  updated README information to reflect the current state of the theme
  added license requirements from the theme review guidelines - http://codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Review#Licensing

Version 2

  Updated to use get_template_part
  Better documentation according to the PHP docblock standard on template files
  Abstracted loop so less code duplication
  Brought a bunch of stuff up to WordPress best practice

Version 1

	Features

  HTML 5 valid
	CSS 2.1 valid
	Thumbnails for Wordpress 2.9 turned on in function file automatically if supported so older versions don't break.
	jQuery 1.4.0 loaded from google code library through the functions file
	Threaded comment JS loaded only if needed
	ID appended to body element dynamically
	Dynamic copyright date in footer and blog title automatically included
	Client side validation of required comment fields
	Each page can be targeted by itself with an id wrapper placed on the pages
	Text in search box will automaticaly clear on click and return when you click off. This can be turned off by removing class of text from the text box. Adding the class of text will add this function to any text field.
	Admin panel for clients to add their own tracking scripts like Google Analytics
	Site title is H1 on home page. On every other page H1 is the page or post title.
	Solid HTML reset.
